This is a head-gum original.
Are you staying over there?
He does that so far.
Why up? Why up?
Why does it still get over here?
Why does it sound like an evil wedding march?
What's that?
Why does it sound like an evil wedding?
It's a Halloween wedding.
Is that a microphone?
Yeah, that's just a microphone.
Usually there's silence during the processional, right?
During the wedding march?
I don't really know, is there?
Where did you find this?
What's that?
This is on YouTube.
It says a wedding march sort of.
Turn it down.
Turn it down if you can't hear us.
That's great, much better, right?
How long did you want that to last?
I didn't want it to last any amount of time.
There's 30 seconds left in the song.
That's what you're asking.
There's feedback for sure.
What is that in the buzz?
Yeah, kind of a buzz.
We should use this for when you walked on the island.
The buzz.
I love it.
There you go.
Wow.
I mean, what a special week, am I right?
Yeah.
You guys always remember this, especially Casey.
Specialist week of your life.
Yeah, yeah.
Most special.
Yeah.
How are we feeling?
I mean, this is the, we should say that this is the pre-nup show.
Headgum podcast episode because the last of us to get married.
Amir and Avital.
The last of you.
Are you guys married?
Well, I don't think we plan on it.
Yeah.
You don't have anything planned.
I haven't even met anybody.
I've never met anyone.
So.
Hi.
Obviously you guys are the one.
Oh my god.
The ruffle.
Well, we should.
I'm kind of emotional.
Thank you.
Yeah.
At the thought of like, you guys not being bachelor's anymore.
Right?
How does that feel?
Did you guys start just letting me finish that?
It feels bad.
We were bachelor's.
We were in a relationship.
What?
It's not like we were single up until this day.
Yeah.
Exactly right.
Actually, you still are until Saturday.
Exactly.
That's what a bachelor party is.
We've had a very close relationship.
One way.
Whether or not the relationship is closed.
Two sets of legs aren't.
Amir right?
Meaning.
Sexual experimentation.
Enjoying each other's bodies.
Transcending through somatic healing.
Does that make sense?
Somatic?
What's that?
Somatic healing.
What's wrong with you?
God.
You don't listen.
Let me see that rock girl.
It's just the engagement ring.
That's the most important ring.
It's been there for months and months.
I don't know this.
When did you...
Well, let's fucking...
Casey.
Yeah.
You're smiling.
I'm never seen you smile before.
I just love love.
Yeah.
Casey's crying.
It's a very hollow ring.
What is that?
12 carrots?
It's not a diamond.
Yeah.
It's a moonstone.
Is that your birthstone?
No.
Not even.
Fuck.
I don't know anything about how these things go.
Something borrowed.
Sorry.
I always feel like we're cutting you off.
That's just how a normal conversation is with you.
Review.
Don't repeat.
This listen.
I had...
Casey will appreciate this.
First of all, Casey, we should say that you just sold a script, right?
Congratulations.
Wow.
Well...
Okay.
Let's not.
To Jeffree.
I wish that film's cool.
I sold it to Jeffree.
Wow.
For an over-over spend.
The script is barely format.
It let alone good.
No, I went to mail.
What's that?
It was an email.
You said...
I always tell you that you guys are cutting me off.
What was that?
You don't have to yell what's that.
Every time someone talks is all.
What's the script?
I don't want to get into it, right?
No.
You know what's the time for the sort of the log line of this.
In a way, we're getting married, but you've given birth.
And that's bigger.
That's a bigger deal because you brought new life into this world.
Not only just one life, but how many characters?
Yeah, lots of lives.
There's two main characters, two sporting characters.
Four lives.
You got three kind of actors in here.
You've got two actors in on a mirror.
He's actually a very good actor.
He doesn't really like it.
He doesn't like it.
That's cooler.
That's so much cooler to have the talent.
But not want it into the end.
Yeah.
That's your chest and your ankles.
Well, this is maybe too earnest.
But you should feel special because he acts in things that you write.
And he will not do it for a lot of people.
Yeah.
Oh, yeah.
I mean, granted it's for a headgun.
That's sort of a force.
I'm not already near a wheelhouse that only Jeffrey can write for.
What?
I'm right next to you.
Yeah.
But you make me feel vulnerable.
And the acting is kind of hard for me.
Jeff just feels like different snack ideas.
Do you know?
Exactly.
Um.
Sorry.
Just one second.
Got it.
The claps in.
Um.
I think you're vulnerable.
That's beautiful.
Proposal story or how did it happen?
It doesn't quite matter right now.
What's that?
No, it does.
This is the time that you kind of tell about like,
Did he surprise you on a scavenger hunt?
Did he draw a bat?
It's slash butter.
I did draw a lot of bats for her.
Well, you were saying that he draws a lot of hard lines in the sand,
but I'm not sure.
When did I say that?
I think it was that alive show last time.
Like, what would be an example of a hard line that I would describe him drawing?
So it would be like, let's figure out, you know,
how we're going to divvy up chores.
And then he's like, I will not do the kitchen.
You're like, okay, like fine.
I guess I'll do the kitchen and you can do the bathrooms.
That seems worse.
And then he's like over the moon to do the bathroom.
That's a hard line that he draws.
Another one is no cheating on me.
It's like.
Yeah.
So yeah.
You got to be more flexible.
Not really.
Really?
No cheating on me.
That's what I'm saying.
Like I'm trying to get dog.
No.
Hey.
You brought a spritz bottle into the office.
Yeah.
That's more cake.
No.
You guys were the arrow on couple and silver lake and COVID.
What's that?
What is that?
Casey knows I have no idea what you're doing.
I'm an island.
I'm an island man today.
It went viral on Twitter.
Sorry.
X.
Oh, the woman leading a man on a leash.
Yeah.
Well, that went viral on Twitter, not X.
Right.
Yeah.
That's true.
Dog cost him an Adamadacharx was like walking him into Arrowoff.
Wow.
Why did you choose Adamadacharx?
Because what she was wearing and doing?
Yeah.
You can't put people into boxes like that.
It could have been just a don't an orthodontist walking a human dog.
It would have to be Adamadacharx say.
And how did he know it was a dog and not a donkey,
so hard.
And barking like an animal.
OK, well, not all animals are the same.
Men can have rabies.
That's right.
Yeah, so I guess if they get bitten by dog or a bat, a horse, a rabbit horse, exactly right.
Are one to walk around? We're getting too far away from you. All right. How did you propose?
I proposed in Santa Monica on a beach. Will Rogers, or sorry, the key to storytelling
is specificity, universality through specificity. The reason we're leaving out details is because
I don't want you and everyone in mind to know. But it's already in the past. You know, like you've been
getting mad. I'm sorry. I would never do this to you of a talk. But I've been leaving it for that reason.
But I've been like doxing the wedding details on the show for months and you keep getting really
angry. You have to get that out. You're saying you can't release that detail. I don't know if it's
because of like the gun epidemic in this country or what? Or if it's just a stranger showing up.
Certainly. But it's all been cut out because it's in the future. But this episode doesn't come out
to left of wedding. So we can say. Is that true? October 15 comes out Friday. Oh, you know what?
It's this one. But this all being said, this was this this was in the past, which means it has
it's already been sealed in wax, right? But this episode comes out before the wedding. We'll get
to that. I'm just saying to post it. We're focused on the matter at hand. Maybe this is the episode
we do a ticker. You were saying like, you know, like the first take to where it's like the
I style. What's talking about now? What's coming up? Exactly. And what was just spoken of?
So that we can know people can know if they want to rewind. That's just in the case of someone
opening the YouTube video, clicking at at random slash at nausea, which is how you watch YouTube videos
usually. And I'd love to talk to you guys about subject. I'm so sorry for wasting 45.
I do have a wedding to play. Starting a job on Monday that I have to prep for. It is sort of
not agree. No, my point is that the proposal's already happened. Nobody can do anything this
hour. It's already sealed in wax. So he's already sourd it. So we don't. So that's here. That's
why you don't want to tell us. It's been a sourd story. But the other story is that we went to,
we were on the west side. We went to a beach proposal happened when to see my parents then
ate a very nice sushi dinner in the valley. So she knew? No, sushi bar. Oh, that's good.
That's really good. Yeah. Do you like sushi or is that what I'm your likes?
Actually, she ate. He went with Ben. She was before. And I got so insanely jelly.
Oh really? I love sushi. We don't go to this fancy sushi place. And I wouldn't stop talking about it.
And then before that proposal, he finally made a reservation. I was like, how did you know?
That's really. Redemption art. I call that. How did you feel on the day? Do you have reservations
or had you guys already see a place on the second? I don't have a time 30 p.m. Basically,
pretty hard to get. You have to do it a month in advance. But so is I would tell all my
costs. Of course. Trust me with the sushi. Do you want me to cost a year? Do you trust the
chef with the rest of your life? No. That's true. That's the thing. You're only her first husband.
Does that make sense? The practice one. Exactly, right. So that you start her husband. Yeah,
like you're in high school and you have a crush on that certain someone. And then you're like,
I don't want to be a virgin. I don't want to be a virgin. I feel like my mind is made.
This isn't like a passing fancy. Obviously, it tells not my first wife. I was going to say it's
like fallies. Yeah. Have you been married before? Wait, sorry to who? It's not funny. It's like
who are you married to? I can if you kept us all in the dark. This is really fucked up. I'll
just mean that there won't be a second. That's not what that means. That sounds like a threat.
That way. I would never. Casey, can you kind of just back up and analyze how you viewed that as
a threat? Like what about his body language? What about that? I think just just the sentence,
there will not be a second. Is that the other word line? Yeah. You got to like crazy
hard lines. It's insane. I'm saying if I die sometime during our marriage. And we do hope
of he tells not allowed to remarry and that's written into the prenuptial. Well, you haunt us if I do.
I mean, play the song again. Dane, nane, nane, nane, nane, nane, nane.
You're a music fan. I am. What was it like Neil Younger or something? I couldn't tell. Was it?
It was George Harrison. Of course. You said play that song again. You didn't say which one?
I wanted to play the Macob. You did say which one he'd sort of sang dial wedding. He went, dane,
nane, nane, nane. I'm totally actually wanted a Macob wedding. Ready or not, style.
Or is that true? Yeah, I think my dream scenario would be more like ready or not. It would be
you chased me through the woods with weapons. But I did get a little cake topper. That's like
two, two, yeah, very spooky two. I mean, it's also October. So it was a good one. Is that going to be
on the wedding cake or? Yeah. It's like two. Yeah, I don't have a picture of it or I would tell you.
But it's two corpses. So you proposed on a beach? It's an apology. It details, but I think it is,
I don't know, vulnerable for other people. Yeah, it's a good one. All right, we'll move on.
If it's other people, we'll move on. If it's obvious to other other people, we'll move on.
I guess one thing that I can say, that's funny about it is that we had, I've been having
like crazy jaw issues, PSA, don't get a night guard if you don't need one. We went my life.
But we were seeing like a TMJ expert and it was really stressful and trying to figure out what was
going on. And I had said, maybe we can go to the beach after to kind of make it a nicer thing.
And it was like, yes, which already was kind of weird that you're so ready to do that.
I love the beach. Yeah, we've got a minute of the beach. We don't go to the beach.
And then he had already dropped Luke off with his cousin so that we would have the day.
And I didn't write. Like, I was like, oh, that's weird. But I didn't think anything about that.
And then we go to the beach. I guess the funny detail without getting too into it is a family
member had had surgery and is talking about, um, rectal bleeding and anal prolapse.
Oh, and it mirrors like, get off the phone. And I'm trying, and this is what's happening.
It's like, gradually. And then finally, I get off the phone. There's like this much
on left. And he's like, today's been such a good day. And I'm like, no, it has been.
And then I'm like, oh, as soon as that happens. And he's like, I want every day to be this good. I'm like,
okay. And then I can then I like check and see that his hand is reading for. I go. Yes.
And then he threatened me. You better remember, I'm trying a hard line in the sand murder or
ingame. And that's very sweet though. Wait, so, but it was, it was after an orthodontist appointment.
It was after like a TMJ specialist appointment. Got it. We're past orthodontists at this.
Yeah. We were specialists. Yeah. Yeah. I've got a question if I may. Yes. If I get,
yeah, of course. Get in. Sorry. It's yours to say yes. I can't. I sure. Yeah. Now, you know,
it's your week. It's your day. Don't let me out. I'll tell me. I ask a question. Uh,
it's what's more for a mirror. Oh, okay. Great. Did you write that line?
The today was so great. No, it's never day would be great or whatever. It even say great.
It's a good. No, we don't know what I said. You really don't know what I said. That's true.
That being said, I did say good. No, I don't even remember saying that specifically, but I
didn't pre-write it now. You just sort of winged it. Yeah. We spoke from the heart. Yeah.
And the heart said today was a good day. Well, there were highlights before that.
Were there? Yeah, but those were in your hair. So it was weird. I was happy to have you
in your day. I was happy to have you in my hair. Do you remember any or you're just trying to
excuse your. Oh, no, I remember some bold talk off. Okay. Okay. Great. Um, good for me.
That'll be on the picture. Wedding planning podcast. Let's talk about it. I know it's just what
that can be. Yeah. You do. How many times have you been married? I haven't yet. I just hear tell
of the process being a nightmare. We can't see you. It's so far so good. No, it seems like great.
It's really. No, it's just so. Um, I guess my first question is,
what? No, I do. Can you just believe the date? I'll leave all of this, but this is coming out on Friday.
Okay. It don't have a security. This is why. No, there's no way because of liability insurance,
right? And this is what I'm also worried about what happened last night. We'll talk after this,
but general liability. Oh, we have that, but not security. We can still get murder. Yeah,
we can cut that. Cutting. Just like I can't remember where we're going to start cutting. Yeah. We
chose the Met Gala because we think it's incredibly beautiful. And is it because you're a history
musician? You're the one in the wedding. In terms of, because you guys went to a different wedding
at the same venue. Was that the deciding factor? It was, yeah, it was really beautiful. We loved it,
then. Well, there's a certain magic. Have you been there? Have you been to this? Have you been to this?
Have you been to this place? I have driven past. Okay. I haven't been inside. I'm unbelievably excited.
Don't get the vetting. Don't get the vetting. Then you. And I'm also excited to meet Abbie Tells
family to see all my friends that are at the wedding. And, you know, so we've sat you with my
brothers. Is that good? Really? Oh. Oh my. Now, I might look bad upon B. He might speak ill of me.
Oh. No, is that true? No, you're sequestered with headgum people. That's what I thought. Yeah. That's what
Jake did and it was a call. It was me and Nick Rad and we were like floundering. We didn't know
what to talk about. Yeah, what did you land on? Ultimately like art skills. Well, you're both in
complete art. We didn't even put that together until before and then after the wedding. Right? So we didn't
talk her. Yeah. Where's like talking points that you can have when you see me? It wasn't in the
cards. Nice. Very good. No. No, it wasn't. No, it wasn't. So it's just that you had been to that place
before. Yeah. I remember thinking like for some reason that it would not be feasible. Yeah. It is
really hard at this place. It's hard to get it. They don't help you with anything. So this is like
even the people that got married there were kind of like don't do it. It's a borderline Airbnb situation.
Yeah. It's more used like, yeah, they don't. They just don't give you anything. That's kind of
crazy. But it is so pretty. You'll see. Yeah. So you've been, you got to do a site visit. Yeah,
and really from the wedding, having seen like how they pulled it off, we're like, okay, we can do it.
Yeah. And by we, I mean, my mom who's doing most of the work. And then let's talk about the wedding
schedule because a lot of people do again, this is all coming up before the day. Okay. So I don't want
this coming out. Friday, October 13th. So if you listen to this episode, there's still time.
That's what tonight. Right. Be listening to this act. You know, this is all land to our things. I don't
want out there. And then there's a day sort of a winch in this. There's like a well, it's been a whole
person and unhappening. Who's going to be there? Is it all just a hip young friends or is the fans not
usable? Of course not. And maybe we just release this next Friday. Sure. But then I still don't want
every single point of detail out there. 42. Are you ashamed of me? I'm here. You can stay.
We'll believe all of that, of course. But how did you decide on the schedule? Like,
well, let's do it all in one. Let's get it. Like a one take situation. Let's do it all in. Sorry,
it's supposed to two weddings. Or sometimes I feel like there's like the legal thing, which only
you're like friends and family show up to. And then there's a reception. And that's like friends.
I have my family's all orthodox or my parents and my best friends still is. Is it lying for my
of me? Yeah, my boy. There's my first sighted. He gets about learning shit about you that he can
just like a little and they're flying in. Where are they coming from? Where are their names?
Like little fucking friends. He's not really. Yes, that was like more jerky.
Speaking of more jerky, can you get a more fucking chimed in in a minute? Because you're asking some
details of their wedding. And you don't have it, my friends. I don't know.
How are you going to shoot it if you don't know the backstory? You have to create a story.
I figured we'd have a meeting about it. It's just a story. What are you even needing about it? It's now.
Is this the meeting? What's that? This is the pre-meeting. Yeah. Oh, nice. Um.
How are you talking about that curgrin through the asthma episode? Nope.
Yeah. Um. What are you talking about now? Take a break. We're going to have to take a break. Why?
Just for ads. Oh. It's episode I think is brought to you by see the thing is.
Good to know. Years ago, you know, in 2020, 2021, I really wasn't sleeping. Well, I wasn't sleeping
enough. The quality of my sleep kept getting interrupted. I kept waking up at the middle of the night. I couldn't
understand why. And then I started taking a supplement routine. I started taking some vitamins
and that did help. But eventually that fizzled out because they were expensive and because I just
couldn't bear taking like 15 pills every day. I would forget or when I was traveling. I didn't
want to take that many. It with me. It was inconvenient. But then I found AG1. And if you're a long-time
listener, you know that I've been drinking AG1 by athletic greens for about two years now. And I get all
the support and the immunity boost in qualities, the mental clarity things. It's really the mental
clarity, which is the reason why I do it. Um, that looks out for my health in one drink instead of
15 different pills and vitamins. Uh, that's because AG1 is a foundational nutrition supplement.
That supports your body's universal needs, like gut optimization, stress management, and immune
support. Since 2010, athletic greens is AG1 drink, has led the future of foundational nutrition,
the tongue twister, the future of foundational nutrition. Continuously refining their formula
to create a smarter and better way to elevate your baseline health. That's really what it is.
Every morning I wake up, I have a glass of water, and then I have my AG1, and then I have my coffee.
And that's like, that's all I need to start the day, feeling good, feeling like I have mental
clarity, and that I've cleared up some of the confusion of waking up, and that I'm off to the races.
That boosts my energy, everything. AG1 is the supplement I trust to provide the support, my body needs
daily. And that's why they've been a partner of ours for so long. If you want to take ownership
of your health, it starts with AG1. I can't recommend it enough guys. Try AG1, and get a free
one-year supply of Vitamin D3K2, and 5 free AG1 travel packs with your first purchase. Go to drinkag1.com
slash what's that? Again, that's Drink AG1 slash what's that? Check it out.
And we're back. Yeah, why that's sure. I was trying to act like a supportive wife.
Honestly, it's kind of patenated in an interesting way. I feel like when
yeah, you see how that black is faded to gray? That's like what people want out of shirts.
Yeah, thank you. Well, it is from July 1. Sorry, let me finish. You might want to crop it.
Yeah, you're right. Or just at least do a tie. Yeah, that's cool.
Tie it up. I'm dressed for a walk, because I'm trying to make an occasion. And for the occasion.
And the job you want. I did sleep in it, and then I thought, oh, this would be kind of nice to
wear on the podcast. Exactly. I'm wearing my worst underwear today. We would never have known.
I know. Okay. Well, it makes it the worst. It's loose. It's thin. It's thread bear. It's like
me and these from five years ago. And you're also in like a very wrinkled suit.
By the way, is this California cocktail enough? I don't know what that means. And so I brought it
to see if this works. And then I'm gonna get it pressed. Yeah, you can pretty much wear any
cool article of clothing. Yeah, it's cool with the little cropped pants, too. Those aren't cropped
pants. He just has very thin legs. I don't know if we'll be able to. Yeah.
Crop. So. You sort of started started that. Do you have a break?
When did you do it? The short suit. I wore it to, did I do it to fix it? No, I wore it to
some wedding. You did do wear it to some wedding. And people were complimenting like,
well, that's smart because it's really hot out. It was Lebron and then you. Yes, that's right. Those
were the two most important people in the first. Oh, that's Lebron and then me. Yeah, I
forgot what wedding. You were the third. Um, I like your glasses. Thank you. We're all
certain. So it's um, but let's just maybe we have to move on Casey. That's, uh,
pet wall. It's a pet wall reference. Got it. Um, I don't know what pet wall is.
Uh, pit wall. It's a formula one podcast that we do here on the, on the head,
going at work. I know that because I listened to every head gum podcast. Same. Same size.
Yeah. Actually, I'm going to start a pet wall. It's been on you podcast. Pet walls good.
I like pet wall. I like it. It sounds like pet sounds. Yeah. Pet wall and that the podcast also sounds
like that. Oh, that's great. Yeah. Then I would listen. Yeah. We need more Brian Wilson.
If I should have a review life was to go on. I just been sitting here trying to figure this out
without asking because I feel like it's a little rude. Well, I can't figure out something's
going to ask. This is the first time you reflected for asking everything in five years. So I can't
imagine how fucked up this question is going to be. What's the why now of your nubsules?
You know, in Hollywood, they're like, why this? Why now? Why are you the one to write this project?
So why are you guys the one to write this story? And why now? Do you remember the gun detail
from the proposal? So it's just that you feel threatened. It had to be now.
It had to be now. This is like a Hollywood exec meeting. Why you? Why now?
Worst sound. Who are you most dreading seeing at the wedding? And don't say Casey because he's here.
Who are you most dreading at the wedding? Well, we obviously aren't an answer that.
No, not honestly, but do you have one personally? I believe it out. Yeah. I guess we're both
thinking of the same person. Do you think why did you invite them then? It was an accident.
I would have thought it was like maybe a family member and you're like, okay, we have to invite
them when you're just accidentally a friend or a family member. I think I know who it is.
Do you know? So it's not goony. And Israel, man, I met 12 years ago as your cousin.
No, goony's not my cousin. Got it. He was racist, actually. Sorry about that.
Listen, we got to send you some shit out. I don't know where this sound is.
Precision is quite nice. Wait, sorry. What was the rude one? What was it? Who are you?
Oh, just why the, what's the why now? Okay. That was a rude state. I see. Yeah.
We are for sure. Well, on that note, let's thicken, thicken.
Casey's infected me. He's Irish.
Beautiful. God forbid, right? I mean, obviously, you guys are going into this,
considering the what-ifs. And I just thought that we should really get all their ducks in the
row, decide on what would happen in the event of separation down the line so that you can
enjoy the wedding, so that you can enjoy the time to be together afterwards to have.
Because that makes sense. So I thought that we could craft a pre-enupural agreement here.
And then I have my, my attorney's office. And she, this is, she's a real attorney. And she's
going to have the whole thing notarized ratified, signed, printed, inked by the next episode.
Wow. It's beautiful. We didn't end up doing any pre-enupural stuff. So this is perfect.
This is tough. Because there's a lot of, you know, first of all, it's like,
I don't know how much it's worth in the future, but for now, Headgum has some value.
And then for you, it's like, you were basically the star of fringe, right? So like,
we're going to, you have, I would say, I mean, I, this is going to sound rude, too. I feel like
obie-tall is more upside. I did also just get a job. And now more, he's using me for my money.
I know. You just got staffed, right? Yeah, he keeps telling me that I'm the breadwinner now.
We have to fucking figure this out. All right. So let's start this.
How about, if, if in, in case of separation, just to for the avoidance of doubt,
not say in case. Let's say when we separate for the, so just to be safe. So we know you're not using
me for my money. I keep all my money and I keep all of your money. I love this. I love this.
We can get more into it because I have lion items here. That's good. So these are contract points set
forth by contracts carousel.com, which I think is the sort of like unabashed leader in free
and up shall agreement discussions. And I just want to make sure that you guys know what you're
getting into here. I mean, marriage is a big deal. I know that you guys own a home, but this is harder
than that, right? Because you can't get into an argument without. Right? What was that look like?
I probably could get into you hear me yelling at my phone. I could probably get mad at the
house similarly. I don't feel consider it. I'm not above it. No, but I'm, I'm serious. I mean,
like, there's, I feel like your career has more heat around it. Oh, okay. I'm here. You're sort
of on ice. So I just think that it's much more realistic. That Abbey Tal is going to come into a
large sum of money over the next decade than it is a mirror. And don't say, oh, I own 30% of
head gum and there's like investors. It's my 30% now. I don't know 30%. Well, then let's sign the
prenapped. How would a percentage do you own? Again, all very, very, very information. Oh, he gave,
so I'm not going to comment. Financial disclosures. Yeah. So according to Kerasel,
contracts, Kerasel, I'm sorry. Now you got me Santa Casey. One of the most set anything in 35 minutes.
And I appreciate you being here. I called Casey last time. I texted you. Yeah. Do you want to tell
the story? Sure. It's a great story. Jeff said, can anybody do the head gum podcast tomorrow morning?
Specifically, are you going to be in the office tomorrow? And I said, no, but I can be and he's like,
great. See you tomorrow. Sorry. We're running out of time. Yeah. And now he's here. He's only asking
you guys about your wedding. Yes. I'm like, okay, great. One of the most significant
prohibitions. It's almost of all of our time. It's the need for both parties to declare
their financial assets and liabilities completely. Right. So it compromises bank accounts,
investments, real estate, debts, and other financial obligations. And without this provision,
the agreement may be invalid if it's later found that one party was dishonest about the
economic situation. Is this a good time to tell you that a mirror has a real gambling problem
and is severely in debt? We are going to get to that. We actually are going to get to it. Nothing
that. Um, I'll be told you can send us in an email. Um, a mirror lets hear it. What? Oh, financial
disclosures. I'll be talking, send it in an email, but I'm here. Let's hear it. Well, we don't have
time for both of you guys to disclose your finances. So I'll be told we'll handle later. Yeah.
I'm here. Let's hear your financial information verbatim line by line.
SOOPED IN NUTTS. Let's go. Let's go. I like the checking account. Thank you, count. Yeah. Where
are you at Chase? JP Morganearn. Are you bad? Be a vapor probably because the closest
branches. You know, you've said that before. Do you want to hear our address out? I think
that would help. We've got it before. I just got right at my door. I'm telling you, he's a fucking
squirrel. And he takes thing to me. I said I want one for the answer. You're garage unit. You're
twoplexed unit. He said there is none. And then you memorized the address. No, you
memorized it way before. I didn't even look at it. No, it's her anything. No, he does it off the top of his head.
And at the time someone gets hired at headgum. Jeff's first thing is to figure out what
they're adding. Addresses and memories. I think it's address. I don't know verbatim, but it's on
Ingridale. Ingridale. I know that that's close. That's the one thing you believe. Investments. What
do you got? Yeah, I'm invested in like stocks and mutual funds. No. Yeah. Yeah. And now the only thing
you're invested in is this marriage. And nothing else.
Yes, thank you. We did already handle real estate. You don't have any vacation rentals.
You don't have any time shares. Yeah, no. No time.
From those Skylar gizondos. That's a time share with Skylar gizondo. Marieka's going to love that.
I know the name actually, but I couldn't tell you why. You don't have a Broadway person?
Yeah. You said Marie. I don't have a Broadway. But he was in like where the millers are something.
Okay. You guys don't have. Oh. You know. That's awesome. That's the only reason I was like, I just
was crazy. That is actually pretty nuts. Can't say. I don't think I can say. That's her lawyer. No. It's not,
yeah. That's funny. You guys don't have like a case. I'm not supposed to say. I. I'll cut that.
Okay. Because I also avoided an NDA just then. Okay.
Did you? This episode so far, 91 seconds long. How did you do that?
How did he said? They bring him fashion.
What? You guys don't have like a fucking beach house or a beach condo. You know that paradise
go. You can get one for like $125,000. I know you can afford that.
And don't say you don't know anything. I know you can afford that.
All of our money is in the world. Which is so down now. Student debt? What? Why are you worried right now?
You're concerned. Just for what? No. Because I don't want you guys to end up split at all.
And then if you do it, I want the finances to just go to the mirror. Why does it matter for you?
Because I'm going to have to see both of them afterwards. And I don't want to have to pick up the pieces
emotionally. You think I'll be told, go to you in the case of a separation?
Also, you were pushing for the separation. You said not in the way.
Forget it. Forget it. Let's move on to division of property. Another common term in a prenuptial agreement
is how the couple's assets will be divided in the demand of a divorce. In some circumstances,
the prenupt may define that a certain asset will stay separate property and not be subject to a division in
divorce. Yeah, the times. So the time share time share. Yeah, we don't have a time share.
But the eventual one, because I know you can afford it. If we get a time share, then I'll be talking
about it. Thank you. That's a huge win for you. All right, moving on to that obligation.
Prenupts can address debt obligations, including those responsible for any debt incurred
during the marriage. Credit card debt, mortgage payments, and other financial obligations may be included.
Without a provision in the prenupt, the couple may have to rely on state laws to determine who's
responsible for paying up the debt. Here's going to be a kind of a problem. If one of you guys has
a ton of debt in the other one doesn't California, common law marriage, right, common law
state. So that's going to be 50, 50 unless you have this swimming in before Sunday, right?
So that's the original. We don't have debt. I didn't go to school. I'm uneducated. So I have no
student debt. I went to public university in 2005. So it's like $4,000. Some people are afforded.
UCB as in upright citizens. You went to UCB. So that's kind of a mic drop. All right. Any
skeletons in your guys' closet or? Literal or?
It's financial or? Maybe, you know, and he said no student debt. You said no. You have a mortgage.
That's kind of considerable debt. You're only eight years into that. So that's 22 years of debt.
And don't say that the monthly payments go down marginally every month that you pay off the
principle. I really don't think so. Because I think you might have done interest only for the
first sentence. Right? You think that? Any other next cards? You think you know about, like,
they're the owners of my wrong. Did you do a 15 year? I don't think so. Did you do five year
ARM? I doubt it. For someone who rents, you know too much about owning property. I'm trying
to figure the shit out. Are you with? I don't know. Forget this. It's not so support.
AKA Alamone. What are we thinking? I keep Luke and then you pay to keep him in that
highlight forever. He's a tiny prince, a small dictator of sorts. And he's a very
expensive king that we have to sort of keep. He dines on ribeye only. You know the story.
In my guru or Japanese, they find out. Japanese marble. The marbling is unbelievable.
And when he doesn't let us even smell it. Inheritance rights, prenatural agreements can also
address inheritance rights. Inheritance rights. A thing's songy voice about what our parents
passing away. Casey, can you hit the wall? No, that's the day, right? Can you fire his ass? No.
Got it. Yeah. It's a my contract. He can't fire me. Yeah. You said that like my pillow.
Well, yeah. We went on my contract.com. Whatever this one is. I'll copy you. That looks pretty.
Natural agreements can also address inheritance rights, including how the couple's assets will be
distributed upon one spouse's death. Not parents. Okay. So to mean if I die, I get every day. If I die,
if I die and fight, I die. So you basically run so fast into the Wall Street bull that you're gone.
Based just on physical appearance, I feel like this one is only relevant to how
obitals life will be post-woven felt. But what's the plan here, guys? For what? I said based just on
physical appearance, you're the only one who will have to deal with a death. Oh, I see. Because he's
saying that. Yeah. What's the plan? It's nice that he's alive. But I guess if he dies, it's good that
I'll have everything. I get that. Are you splitting it? Is it all going to her or some of it going to
me or who would never go to you? I feel like, but in a way, you know, you know, when you like walk
behind somebody. I was being judged, but then I felt a little bad. That's the difference between you.
You so see a pack. You'll judge about anything. I'll be told who has a kind heart. She doesn't.
She feels like he's worried about people on YouTube thinking I'm a mom. Yeah. I'll be hanged and
quartered for that. Last one's business interests. Do you own a business? No. Okay. So we don't have
anything to worry about because we have it's just head gum. You know, and that's going to be belly
up in the next five years, right? Probably by new years. But one day I will start a business and it
will be a competing podcast network and it will put head gum under. So I'll get there. Thank you.
I'll tear that. Oh. I'll call it butt gum.
Welcome to the Jeffley wed game. What am I? Why? Yeah.
It's you. I think it's fun to have you. All right. Yeah. We'll take that. You can also say that for any episode
you've been on. Why are any of us ever here? Let's say I had our lovely couple. I introduced
yourselves. Hey, my name is Amir Blumenfeld. I'm from Los Angeles. Yeah. I know.
This is the Jeffley wed game. It's the newly wed game with the twist and you'll find out the twist later.
Oh, on you. Now on you's here. Now on you said she can make it. I begged her to come on this episode.
Hey, on you. Nobody's there. All right. This is the Jeffley wed game. It's basically like the
newly wed game with the twist. I love it. I'm going to have to ask you to leave the room for
and then we'll scream for you to come back in. All right. This is just for like this is exactly like the
newly wed game. So, you know, have some water out of the shelter. Really? Just for like three minutes.
Just for three minutes. Up on the table. And we'll call you back in and then a mural goes on.
Does that make sense? This is basically how well do you guys know each other and how strong is the union.
Right. Yeah. So we'll literally scream a blood curling scream at the top of our lines.
We're going to get the radio not wedding. Exactly. All right. Amir. Yeah.
Uh, why these are these are just questions for you. This is how I think she'll respond. Exactly.
Well, it's also about what you think. It's a little bit different than the newly wed game. It's
a Jeffley wed game. Why would you? Why would your spouse say that she is the better catch?
She's younger and more attractive than she. Do you understand that the reason your spouse is never
really shelled out for an expensive birthday gift is that you're not worth the price? No, I don't think that.
What is your spouse's guilty pleasure? You? No. My spouse's guilty pleasure is
you can you can refer to her by name, can't you? This is not a newly wed game because I'm usually multiple
participants. Well, this is the Jeffley wed game. Okay. That's true. She likes
sweets. I guess candies and what's your favorite candy? She's more of a pastry woman like
some cookies and yeah, can't have like anything sweet in the house. Your spouse takes your hand
and pulls you to the dance floor. She leans in and tells you this song reminds me of you. Why is
that song just the sounds of non-as-anesthetic oral surgery? Why is it that I asked that on the
newly wed game? No, this is a Jeff that on the Jeffley wed game. Do you want me to refer? It would be a
different song. It wouldn't be that. Why is that song just the sounds of non-anesthetic oral surgery?
Because she thinks I have a nice teeth. All right. Thank you so much. We're going to have to ask you
to pop out and grab a towel and bring her back in for her. How's your heart? How's your
love life? I can hear there's music. Yeah, there's music. We didn't talk about anything in the mean
time. Yeah. That's me. I'm here. All right. So questions for I would tell. What did your spouse or
sorry? Why did your spouse wear mariles on the first date? Or did he just have marile wearing
energy? I don't know what mariles are. Do you want to pull up a photo of mariles and then I'll
ask that question? Yeah, okay. Sorry. Oh, I don't know what it is either. People under 30 will love that.
Your spouse has the day off and he's spell it. M-E-R-R-E-L. We're staying in a photo of us.
All right. Your spouse has the day off and an empty house. Why does your spouse choose? Yeah.
Let's see. Oh, yeah. These are ugly. Can you show it to camera one? I'll put it in a lower third.
You're spouse has the day off. Okay, we're leaving scheduling for Monday morning. Any
ways to progress? Okay, great. Your spouse has the day off and an empty house. Why does your spouse
spend the day bad? Spend it bad? Yes. Because he's bad. Got it. I know this is like asking.
And he had to leave for this? Yes. Got it. I know this is like asking like which viral disease is your
favorite, but what was your best date with Amir? Did you ask him this question too? Different
questions. Great. Oh, oh, I feel like I need an answer faster, but now I'm really thinking about it
and I don't. None of them have been, no. There was a day that we went to
Disconso Gardens. That was really fun. What one was that? Approximately. Five years ago. Really?
Yeah, maybe. We don't go on dates. And we don't like each other anymore. No, we said we never stop.
This is my best advice. Never stop dating your wife. That's right. I'll never stop dating my wife.
Um, all right. Thank you. Let's bring Amir back again.
Amir!
Put us on chairs. Let's just do the next thing. Fucking sit!
Wasted airtime! Come on!
You like me? Well, wait, let's see how you answered these questions first before I commit.
It's the Jeff Lee wed game. It's not the newly wed game. So you guys aren't privy to that
information to incentivize you to listen to the episode, right? To get those two impressions.
That's true. You're not going to say them right now. Well, I want to make sure that see the thing is
is getting their their ad package. You know, their money's worth. So you have to listen to the
episode if you want to listen to what they said. All right, here we go. I can also ask you on the way home.
Yeah, right now. What did you say? Yeah. All right, time to play most likely to. All right.
Casey, you're the judge. Let's bring you in on this. All right. Basically, you have to judge if they're lying or not.
Okay. All right, here we go. Lightning round, really. Most likely to accidentally find a portal
to another dimension.
It's a set. Say it. I mean, sorry, Casey. I don't think she's lying. Great.
And Amir said, Avitall. Yeah. I do think he is lying.
Because it's the truth as we know it. Because I think Amir thinks he'll find the portal. But he said that you
would be interesting. I think you think I would. Yeah, I'm just guessing. Because he wouldn't be open to it.
He would be like, that's not anything. Yeah, he'd ask you to do a bit of cool. Here we go. Okay, right?
Most likely to drive his Mazda into a deer.
Probably me because I have the Mazda. Amir. Okay. Because I love deer.
Yeah. Amir's telling the truth. Oh, he's shit. Okay. Most likely to miss their flight
because they packed at the last minute. Definitely Avitall. Definitely me. Casey, I'm like an acquaintance to
how tall. They seem confident. I'll say they're telling the truth for sure for sure. All right.
Most likely to get high to numb his emotions surrounding Jake's sold out NADPOD at Cardiol.
The first part was Avitall. The second part was me. What's that?
Most likely to get high to numb out is Avitall. The specific Jake on NADPOD was would be me.
It's only a very full question. So let's hear the second part. So I guess he's jumping to repeat it? No, I guess
me the most likely to get high to numb his jealousy. He's still more likely me. Really?
Yeah, because Jake and I have shared in how little Amir gets jealous. Like we have
more heightened emotions. We are more likely to be jealous overall than Amir or Jill.
Is that because you're at peace with yourself Amir or is that because you don't feel anything?
Yes. That's a question for our therapist, I guess.
Do you not in singular therapy? I was and then I stopped going. Sounds like my dad. Why?
He might be your dad. Most likely to clap when the plane lands. Neither of us. Really?
Yeah. I was clapping now. But not when the plane lands. All right. Most likely to have to
bust out of the truth. I'm here. That's me. I love Vegas.
That's true. And then the last one, most likely to get kind of too drunk at the wedding.
I'm just like the cases. Yeah. Casey. Yeah. Okay. Sure. I would say I'm more likely than you,
but probably neither of us will. Yeah. Did we win? You definitely won and your prize is that
I don't know. Your prize that I won't dox the wedding. Else we've everything out or I'll release
this next week. You're welcome. What are you most excited about for the wedding?
For the wedding or for your entire marriage? For the wedding. I want the marriage one.
For the wedding, I am really excited to be at that wedding venue. And then I'm excited to see
like Marieka and Jake. Okay. I love his love. His love is love is love. So I like I'm
about my dress. You don't give a shit. He really doesn't care about your business. Wow.
I'm excited. What kind of cake is it? Is the vanilla home in class? There's going to be
more than one cake. None of them are like traditional wedding cakes, but there'll be several
normal cakes. I've always pretty hands off for planning the wedding. Exactly right.
I love cake. I love cake. Care about as the cake. Yeah. That's true. And the music.
Care a lot about the music. Yeah. We'll be playing cake by the ocean. Nice. Thank you.
At a long cake. Okay. Nice. I'm really excited. I love weddings. I've been to one since
Jake's. So this is other than to a cake since Jake's. I said I'm excited for the wedding.
Oh, sorry. And what are you most excited about for the marriage? Probably the linking and building
of it all. I mean, I want to see how this brings you guys together financially, mostly.
Are you going to see that? How will you see it? I'll probably break into our bank accounts.
Jeff will be a guarantor on our joint savings. I was going to say a trust store.
So because here's the thing, did you guys buy your house through a trust or is it in your name?
Plugs. Plugs. What do you guys have going on other than the obvious? Do you want to plug the
wedding? It seems like you want to keep everything under wraps. Yes. We do. Yes. Don't plug it.
You can still watch Passover.gate because Jeffery and Amir are both in it. Oh, that's good.
Passover.gate out during the filming of that. I don't remember what I said because it was improvised.
Yeah. Was it was, I know that the show was good, but was my episode. Yeah. It was a semi-scripted
web series starring Avitalia. People really like the Holy Star of Justin's. That's right. Passover.gate. That's
right. That's the URL slash title. And I social distance. I found really annoying to type.
And also, frankly, not as punchy as ever. Thank you. And that's the link. I said Passover.gate is good.
Passover.gate is good. Let's see your plugs. Pitwall podcast. I don't know when this episode
comes out. I know this Friday. Ideally. This Friday. Either ideally this Friday or next Friday.
Okay. Well, we just had Riley on the show. Oh, that's fun. Yeah. Jeffery's going to be there.
But he slept through it. No, it's purpose. Not a plan. My phone was plugged in with an alarm.
Another plug. Yeah. And Puntel plugs. Don't you have those? I don't know.
I actually met Dr. Arthur Benz and who I sent you to. Yeah.
He needs to plug me. Oh, plug it up. I thought he needs to plug me. Puntel or otherwise.
But and Puntel my favorite plug. And the eye doctor does the butt exactly right. The Puntel is my partner.
I think because you mentioned that I was the star of the friend. I'm going to hopefully after this
job ends toward again. So go if you would like to go. I would like to go to go. Yeah, please.
I heard that it was good from who friends of mine saw it who are at fringe. They said Heidi
you are not, but yeah. That's cool. But also. Yeah. It's dark. But that's very dark. Yeah. That's nice.
But if you go, if you go to Abitalash.com, just try to actually get that plug in, then you'll have
that will be dates and updates to sign up for the email list. Nice. Sorry. I feel like I took the plugs
too seriously. No, you should. That's the only part of this that's worth while for you. I'm here.
Follow me on Instagram. I'm at Abitalash. Nice. Nice. Oh, that's sweet.
You're keeping your name. Yeah. I'm pushing for him to take mine. But Amir Ash, I don't mind that.
Right. It sounds like a small rash, though. Amir Ash. Amir Ash. It's a mirror rash.
Yeah. It's just a secret. Yeah. Yeah. You don't hear it till he says it that way.
Amir Ash makes sense. You don't say Amir Ash. Yeah. I do think Amir Ash sounds like a cooler guy. Thank you.
And I should send you a lower last name than Blumenfeld for sure. Yeah. But you drive the
back. That is the only thing that nobody can say. Amir Ash. But you say Amir Ash. But it's not Amir
Ash. It's Amir Ash. Amir Ash. What about Amir Ash? Because you're brother. Take it. They did
a portmen to him and his wife, right? It became blue. Yeah. They changed their last name. You don't
say what it's like. Ash is sold. Yeah. Then we lose everything that's good about Ash. We love
Luminous rash. You're obviously not taking this seriously. If you can't even, yeah. If you
can't even take a plug section seriously. Amir, are you going to take the vows? That's right. You'll
be there and find out. IRL. That was a hit-dum original.